How is that possible?
Ghost Blade is the first guardian of my Huaxia Chamber of Commerce
How could it be so vulnerable?
Who are you?
Who Am I?
Then I'll tell you.
You can come in.
One minute.
The owner will give you one last chance
Bow your head and apologize
If you refuse
Don't blame me for being heartless
To everyone here
Have a good memorial service
Ye Tianci
You are so presumptuous
What kind of territory is it today?
You're going to say there's a memorial service here
After all, I'm your brother too
You have to save me
Since you are my brother
Then why are you against me?
Since it is an enemy rather than a friend
Then why don't I
Something that can give you wolves
Hold a memorial service
Look at that. Look at that.
Abandon the bad wife
You don't even recognize your own brother
You are heartless and heartless
You are an animal
You are enough
Shopkeepers come together
You're still pretending to be crazy and disturbing the order
Good idea.
I will join forces to suppress it for you
Dismember this trash
I agree agree
agree agree
Agree to the commander of the temple to visit the major wealthy families